										How me (M29) and my partner (F27) got into group sex and being watched

It was a glorious summer weekend in 2018, three months into the relationship with my partner. We were house-sitting her parents house for the week while they went on holiday abroad.

In the warm sun in the backyard we were sunbathing with a bottle of wine on ice. I heard the ice bucket with the wine in rustle and felt a ice cold hand slip under my waistband and start stroking my penis. 

I've been very lucky to be gifted with a well endowed 'show-er, not a grower' penis, so one of her favourite things was to play with it. Soon it was fully stiff and she was working it with both hands while I reached my own hand up her skirt to realise she was very wet and not wearing any underwear.

The Sun was getting warm on our skin so (after a lot of fingering her) I slowly stretched her onto my member and carried her inside through the open double doors and onto the sofa. We love doing it to music to we turned on some D'n'B and went at it. Her riding on top (at first she struggled to take my 9 inches but as we had more sex through the months she was able to take it all, which only drove me more wild and horny).

 I love standing and fucking her while looking into her eyes, so I carried her into the kitchen and started hard fucking her, her moans got louder and louder as I felt her get tighter and tighter around my dick, until she let out the loudest moan and her body compulsed as I felt her starting to cum. She asked me to pull out so I did and she leaked all over the counter then hopped on her knees and took me into her mouth and gave me a very sloppy deepthroat blowjob while I licked up the mess she made on the counter. Soon my body seized up and I emptied my load into the back of her throat. I then looked up and got the fright of my life, a police officer  looking through the window.

It turns out that the loud music and my partner moaning loudly worried the old woman that lives in the apartment above and she had called the police. 

I have no idea how long the officer was there for but me and my partner both loved the idea that she was watching for a while.

A couple of weeks later we went to a crossbreed event in London (a nightclub that is pro-sex). They have a 'play room' where people can experiment with toys, BDSM and have sex. The dress code is very wild (on the website it states to wear costumes that would get you stared at on public transport) and with that in mind, and the fact both me and my partner are very confident in our bodies, she wore an outfit where the top was netting, so her 34DDs were on show, while I wore some tight lycra which made it very clear I was hiding a 9inch curved cucumber down there.

About an hour in we got to the play, and with alcohol in our system, we started experimenting while we encouraged people to watch. Then we just fucked hard, getting high off the fact that people were watching and 30 minutes later we both collapsed to the floor with my cum dripping down her legs while her vagina was red raw with her legs shaking.

We eventually went to more events, but that wasn't enough. We googled and found a dogging spot in Bristol (where we live) and we arrived (same outfits as the Crossbreed event).

It was a carpark at 2am. We wound the windows down and folder the chairs back. We lowered the roof of her mini cooper and she lowered herself onto me so she was squatting on her feet and I thrusted myself in and out of her fast while she was dripping wet - soon a guy was watching  from about 4 meters while a woman (a assume his partner) sucked him off. Five other people watched while one of the woman in the lot of five was being caressed by two men.

20 Minutes later and after we finished, the group of 5 asked if we wanted to join them for a party at theirs. We drove behind their car to this house. Once entering, they offered us drinks and we were chatting. The drinks started to hit and soon three of the five started making out. Me and my partner started making out too. We felt two people next to us and it was the other two of the five. A short woman with slim waist and a massive arse (think 'slim thick') and this well built rugby lad. They took our hands and walked us into a bedroom where they started undressing, so we did so too. 

What followed was the best sexual experience I had. Me and the guy took turns fucking my partner and the slim thick woman, while then having a foursome. What's funny is that the old me (pre-policeofficer watching us story) would have hated sharing my partner, but now watching her getting double penetrated by me and the other guy drove me wild, and made me love her more and wanted me to fuck her more. While now I'm even more comfortable with my sexuality and have no issue seeing another penis, just as long as my partner is enjoying herself and feel safe then I don't mind - we just have one rule, both have to be involved in anything sexual, when including other people. Anyway, that night went on and soon became a regular thing. Then Covid happened and put a stop to that, but soon started again once things opened up again.

You can call us lame for keeping track (but it turns ourselves on knowing) but since that first night of the foursome, me and my partner have had threesomes/foursomes with a total of 29 different woman and 26 different men. We go to sex parties at least twice a week minimum.

We are both madly in love still.

For anyone interested, you can see the shorts I was wearing and the netted top she was wearing here.
[Her](https://ibb.co/FJZ5vQx)
[Me](https://ibb.co/BK9d332)