										I(f18) spent the night with a fellow redditor(m27)

So in an earlier post I wrote about my Matilda and I going to a concert. Something unexpected happened at the concert or rather after. We got a ride to the concert and had some fun before the doors opened. When we got in, both me and Matilda were such fangirls lol. The concert was great and it was so nice to finally do an event like this after the pandemic. 

After the concert, Matilda went to the bathroom while we were waiting for our ride him. Out from the crowd comes this blonde guy who was maybe 27ish years old. He asked me if I was "youngswedishslut03". I was a bit shocked to hear my reddit username out loud for the first time but I said I was. This made the guy super happy and he told me he was a huge fan of my posts. We kept talking for a while and I introduced Matilda to him. She was a bit embarrassed to hear that he knew what we had down. He asked if he could buy us some drinks but we said we were waiting for a ride home. He told us that he had a car and would be happy to give us a ride. Matilda wasn't interested so when our ride arrived she left. I stayed behind. 

We went for a drink before I suggested that we could head to his place. It wasn't long after we got to his apartment before he was giving me a ride although on his cock rather than in his car. He was loads of fun and kept saying that he couldn't believe this was happening as I impaled my pussy on his cock. It was the first time I had sex with someone who knew about my reddit account. 

Even though he was very excited, the guy had amazing endurance. It was like he never could cum and never got tired. I rode him until he made me cumm and while I was cumming he picked me up and started to fuck me from behind. He was strong and fucked me so fucking hard that I feared his bed would break. It was amazing! 

We kept going for a long while and he controlled me all the time. He decided what position we were going to do and just picked me up and positioned me before fucking me hard once again. As I wrote, I rode his cock and got fucked from behind. He also fucked me standing while carrying me. He fucked my mouth and fucked me in missionary. In the end, I used my hands and mouth to make him cum in my mouth. I swallowed it all and licked him clean. 

The next morning, after breakfast and some naughty fun in the shower, he did as promised and drove me home. It was a great finish to the concert. 

All in all, concert and hardcore sex is a solid 10/10. Would highly recommend.