										I (F) had my first BBC threesome with two strangers and I loved it.

A few days ago, I posted that I wanted to suck two BBCs on r/RandomActsOfBlowJob, and got **a lot** of messages. Much more than I expected. I sincerely apologise if I cut you off or not replied at all. It was just too many of you.

Anyway, I ended up meeting 2 guys, just like I wanted. They were both really nice and good looking. We went to one of their houses, where they started kissing and touching me straight away. My shirt and bra came off shortly after we got into the house, and they started licking and kissing my boobs. 

After a short while, I said i was time for me to see what they've got. I got down on my knees, and started to take one of guys' dick out. I couldn't believe how big and thick it was. It was maybe about 8 inches and really thick. then I turned around only to find the other guy took his dick out himself. His was slightly shorter but still quite big and thick. 

I started sucking them and taking in as much as I could, but at one point one of the guys held my head and got his dick deep inside my mouth, and even tho I gaged, I was surprised I could hold it in, even if it was only for 2-3 seconds. The other guy did the same thing, then they gave me a little break.

After I caught my breath, I asked them if they wanted to fuck me, which they didn't refuse. They said they didn't have any condoms or anything, and neither did I, so I just told them not to cum in me. 

They were sitting on chairs at this point, so I just went over to one of them after getting the rest of my clothes off, and started riding him. I started by going down slowly, so I get used to the size. His dick felt amazing inside me, and I guess the adrenaline helped. I started going faster and faster, and although the other guy was there to get his dick sucked, I couldn't do it, as I was screaming (of pleasure) from the guy fucking me. I don't think he minded, as he knew he will be next. I was getting fucked harder and harder, and I was getting louder. I got to a point when I eventually had an orgasm. I got off him, and he came on me a few second later.

At this point, the other guy picked me up and started fucking me doggystyle. I wanted to scream, but the guy who fucked me first got his dick in my mouth. A few minutes pass and I had another orgasm, and the guy came on my back, while the other came (again) on my face.

I then took a shower and left. I was an amazing experience, and I might do it again with the other guys that messaged me but got left out.