										[M]y Need To Fuck

First, before anything, there is that tingle, that slight warmth that I think most people of either sex are familiar with: a little flutter in the tummy, a tiny little sense of spreading warmth in the pit of the stomach. It's a drive kicking in, a need announcing itself, a tiny little hint of what's to come. As it were.

Sometimes you can feel yourself moving against your clothes even before you feel your shaft start to thicken. Like a tiny little animal it starts to nose its way around as the blood flows in. Some men—such as myself—might start oozing just a little bit of precum even at this early stage and the growing, moving tiny little snake can leave little wet drips and drabs here and there, and sometimes this is your first real sensation: not warmth or hardness but wetness, cooling in the air.

But once you are consciously aware of it, it's hard to stop it from happening. People always talk about how teenagers can have unwanted stray erections, which makes it sound like grownups have more control over themselves but that's only partially true. We might have more control over the beginning of the thought process that leads to an erection because we know the result, but once it starts it's hard to avoid because it's a feedback loop: even without touching, feeling yourself getting hard feels good, and feeling good makes you harder. 

As it hardens, it thickens and stiffens like a kinked garden hose filling with water. If it was tucked away or curled, it uncurls and straightens and this is why men have to adjust themselves sometimes: it needs room to grow and constrictions can pinch. It swells in a jerking, throbbing rhythm tied to the beat of the heart, and as it swells more and more, there begins that sense of tension and tautness that signals that readiness to plunge into something, to penetrate, to mount: the outer skin pulls back and tightens, and uncircumcised men can feel their foreskin pulling back as the tip unsheathes itself, already glistening wet and ready for battle.

The growing fullness of it tugs on all the surrounding muscles that support it, and like a crane, it curves and rises. The throbbing sense of heat and engorgement makes it feel monstrous: even men with average endowments get a delicious feeling of hugeness and heaviness there as it bobs and waves out in front of you like a baseball bat. A tight cord of firm sinew runs all the way back under the testicles between the buttocks to the perineum where they all tie together: a truly hard erection feels twice as large as it appears because even slight movements at either end transmit the sensations back and forth. A little squeeze of the ass makes the cord stiffen, and a tug at the tip vibrates back. This is why you'll sometimes see men pull it down and let it spring back—*boingg!*—because it pulls on all the muscles and makes it feel enormous. 

As it stiffens to its full hardness it can be a thing of beauty or terror, or maybe a little of both: rising from the groin like a cobra ready to strike, the testicles tucked in below, the arced shaft throbs and pulses as it raises the flared head, readying it for penetration: to find the hidden opening, to open and part the lips, to slide in deeply and firmly. The red, swollen, arrow-shaped tip oozes little drips of lubricating fluid and the tautness of the flesh there makes it glisten and shine. The natural tension in the buttocks makes it stiffen and harden even more, and sometimes the overwhelming need can turn the tiny droplets of precum into a drooling shimmering string, pulsing with every heartbeat. It throbs. It aches. It hurts sometimes, to get that hard. The pressure inside pushes against the skin and it can feel like it's about to burst open with every pulse. And it's hot with the heat of the blood inside; and even slight traces of moisture can give a little cooling tingle if they meet the air and that coolness makes it feel even hotter.  

If you get your dictionary out and look up the word mount you will surely find one definition that refers to hanging something on a hook: a picture on the wall, say. Or a light fixture. There's another definition that gets used sometimes: to copulate, to have sex. To fuck. Imagine if you will a shape like the letter 'J'. Or maybe more precisely a shape like a fishhook with a barb on the end. A hook that something can be mounted on. Hung.

A man with a hard cock is a hook, his spinal column makes the downstroke and his shaft makes the barb. The muscles that hold his penis taut and erect tie into his backside in such a way that it's one long solid shaft all the way through.  As you thrust yourself into the slick wet orifice in the center of her upraised hindquarters and past all the rippled muscles, which do in fact—it's true!—feel like warm apple pie, you can sometimes sense the weight of her, the gravity of her impalement on your upturned horn: your natural motion pivots your hips not only in, but also up, and your curved member follows along, lifting and thrusting as the hook curves up, digs deeper. She has been mounted.

You can feel her there, hanging—as it were—as the sensations of her heat and wetness and her muscles gripping you travel back up your spinal cord and nervous system to that tiny little lizard brain in your head that will always know how to fuck even when all the higher functions are blanked out with mindless need. And sometimes in the middle of a truly mindless and needy fuck you can sense—dimly, as if your rational mind was cowering in terror in the corner—how the urgency of your thrusting rocks her, opens her wider, lifts her knees and mashes her face further down on the bed. 

All sense of propriety or dignity is muted as bodily juices are relished and slurped, aromas are whiffed and sweaty bodies writhe together, private parts wide, slick, and engorged. Nostrils flare, breath comes in pants and snorts and hips urgently pump. The smell of her—the smell of both of you, honestly—rises from the place where your bodies are mated and inflames the mind. The smell of fuck. The face is red and the mouth is tight and set as the mindless animal does its work. Lost in the madness of the rut a beast breaks loose and takes over. The fucking, breeding beast. 

It's that loss of control, I think, that makes us wonder what kind of demons hide inside of us. Was that me? Mr. Calm Cool and Collected? Did I push her over, slurp at her rear with my mouth, thrust my slick rod inside her parts and fuck like a horny bull? Did I hear the wet fuck-noises and my own panting breath and not really care? And did my hips work urgently and mechanically like some well-oiled machine as I built my own pleasure? And did I grunt and growl and snort when my moment arrived and the thick heavy spurts of my semen pumped out inside her, long and hard, as I held her hips tight? Filling her--*injecting her*--with my seed? 

Yes, that was you. That drooly mess between her thighs and the slick on your softening cock and the wet patch on the bed. That was you, all you. That aroma? You again. Happy now? Maybe you should apologize to the lady for using her so roughly. Or maybe just help her clean up, change the sheets. Something. Post-coital tristesse, they call it. A sense of sadness or shame that sometimes follows an otherwise successful mounting. It never lasts very long but it serves the purpose of keeping us humans from fucking ourselves—or our partners—to death. And as much as you hope that your lady friend is happy and pleased that wasn't what you were thinking about just a few minutes ago as you used her there, was it? As the urge to squirt your load began to build in your loins.

Oh, no.