										My sister’s friend

Every other day, my sister always goes hang out with her friends. I’m stuck at home since I have a shit ton of work to do. My parents went to a play and asked my sister and me to watch the house while they were gone. My sister called up her friends to hang out at our house. Her friends are really nice, but there is one that is more than nice, she’s so hot. 5’5, brown hair, Hispanic, slim, like she works out, b cup tits, and a nice fit ass. We talk at times and I get the feeling that she likes me. Her other friends are nice, but they’re nothing compared to Angelina. The day my parents went to the play, her friends came over and we hanged out, after a while, I’ve been noticing Angelina staring at me, she keeps looking down at my pants, then up my face. My sister decided to take a walk down the park nearby. I needed to stay since I had a ton of college work to do. My sister and her friends were gonna go, but Angelina didn’t want to. She said that her stomach was hurting and that they should go on without her. My sister didn’t think much of it, and her and her friends went to the park. 

After they left, it was just her and I. My stomach had butterflies at the fact that her and I were home alone. I went up to her and asked if her stomach was hurting, but she said it wasn’t, and that she wanted to spend some time with me alone. I got so nervous and yet horny when she said that. 

We went to the bedroom and right away she took off her shirt. I’ve never seen her shirtless, but she was perfect, her stomach showing a light 6 pack, slim and wide hips, she walked to me slowly and grabbed my hands to put on her hips. Her skin was so soft. We got closer and eventually started making out. I grabbed onto her ass and picked her up. She wrapped her legs around my hips and ended up on the bed with her on top. I took of my shirt and her hands explored all over my body. She licked my neck all the way down to my stomach, and stopped at my pants. She gave me a wink and pulled my pants down, exposing my large dick. She seemed shock to see how big it was, and grabbed it and started to slowly lick my length. She put it to her face to see the size comparison and it was almost as big as her face. She kissed my tip and stared sucking on it. I was shocked at how good she could suck, I didn’t know someone so innocent could be so naughty in bed. She started jerking me off and smiling at me, with drool all over her mouth and my dick. She rest her hands on my thighs and swallows my whole length. My dick was throbbing inside her throat and she kept it in mouth for a few seconds until gagging and slobbering all over my dick. Her eyes red from swallowing my whole length. She stands up and pulls down her pants and panties. Her pussy so perfect, shaved, and ready to be fucked. 

She gets on top and rubs her pussy against my dick. I grab onto her hips riding her faster over my dick. She has the sexiest face when moaning. I stop her and slowly insert my dick inside her. We both moan as I go in. It’s so tight and yet so wet. She starts riding me, puts her hands on my pecs, and twerks on my dick. I grab her hips and guide her up and down my dick. After a few minuets, I get her off of me and fuck her from behind. Her petite body in an arch while I pull her hair makes me wanna cum, but I resist. We’re both uncontrollably moaning and I’m pretty sure the neighbors could hear. We realize that we’ve been fucking for about 20 min and we’re afraid they were gonna come back. After fucking her missionary, I tell her I’m about to cum. She gets on her knees on bed while I stand up. She starts stroking me while sucking my tip. It feels so good and I begin to orgasm. She opens her mouth and continues to stroke, letting the cum hit everywhere on her face, even on her tongue. Her mouth full of cum, she swallows the cum and kisses my dick. She cleans herself while I’m kissing her neck. Few minuets later her friends and my sister come in and we’re in the living room watching TV. They don’t know, and will never know, but we had the best time of our lives in that room.