										Tina, Joe and me. Part 7.

Sunday was coming to a close with Joe spending the weekend with Tina and I. We had a fun, satisfying day together. Tina was enjoying the new life choices she had made. So was Joe, and myself.

Most of that day was spent doing things that Tina wanted to do, to experience. Things she had heard about from Joe before we had met. Things that we had already done and wanted to do them again.

Once you’re with someone for a time, you get to learn what appeals to them, what their desired interests are by what they suggest and bring up. 

Tina enjoyed watching. She enjoyed being watched. Just a couple of her new discovered desires. I was amazed at her being comfortable with everything she has experienced so far, being that she hadn’t dabbled in it before.

One new thing Joe and I introduced Tina to Sunday afternoon, was the tease game. It was explained to her and  she wanted to do it. 

We all went to my bedroom and Tina stretched out on the bed. I got out my case of goodies and took my pink, fuzzy handcuffs from the case. Tina had never been restrained before. She giggled as I connected them to her wrists and the headboard.

Tina thought this was fun already. She was also excited already and nothing had happened yet. She was squeezing and rubbing her thighs together. Lying there in her black panties, wrists cuffed to each corner of the headboard.

I stretched out along her right side, pulling her right leg over and clamping it between mine. I leaned down and planted a wet, full kiss on her peach colored lips. 

Joe was on her other side rubbing her fat pussy. Tina was humming into my mouth as we kissed, Joe already driving her crazy with excitement. 

I looked down at Joe’s hand between her open, shapely legs after I ended the kiss. His fingers pressing Tina’s panties into her wet slit as he stroked her. Her hips pumped her pussy into his hand. She was so worked up, but she didn’t know how tormenting this was going to get. 

I squeezed her titties, pinching each hard nipple. I kissed and sucked them while Joe continued teasing her pussy.

Joe rubbed her panties into her wet slit, between Tina’s thick pussy lips. Her hips were pumping. She was very aroused by all of this stimulation. I ran her hard nipples between my teeth, sucking them at the same time. She was gyrating and going crazy already with excitement.

Tina made the mistake to blurt out, ‘oh God! I’m gonna cum!’ Joe pulled his rubbing hand away from her hot pussy. Leaving her pumping her hips like mad. She wanted more, wanted, needed to cum. She wasn’t going to get it. That’s the teasing game.

Joe pulled Tina’s panties down to her thighs, exposing that lovely pussy. He lowered his mouth to her and gently ran his nose over the dewy slit. Then he kissed and licked each puffy lip.

I kissed and sucked on Tina’s nice titties while Joe teased her wet, aching pussy. She was squirming, pumping her hips, jerking her arms against the cuffs. I was very horny myself by now and pumped my pussy on her leg that I had clamped between mine.

Joe yanked her panties off of her legs then told me to get between her legs and tease her pussy for awhile. I did as he asked because I knew that I was going to get some much needed attention by getting into this position.

I stayed up on my knees lowering my mouth to Tina’s pretty pussy. I ran my tongue up and down her wet slit slightly making contact with her hard clit each time. 

“Oh fuck! Oh fuck!” Tina blurted out as she squirmed around as much as she could. Joe entered me from behind and slowly fucked me. He kept saying how wonderful my pussy felt on his cock. How nice my soft ass felt against him as he filled my pussy over and over again.

This was driving Tina even more crazy knowing that Joe was fucking me. “Fuck me, please! Undo my hands! I need to grab and touch, please. Please fuck me! I need it!”

Joe asked me what I thought about doing that for Tina. He was fucking me quite hard which made my mouth, nose and chin bang into and slip around on Tina’s wet pussy. She hadn’t been allowed to climax yet but she was oozing creamy pussy juice like crazy.

It was a good thing I lifted my face from  Tina’s open crotch to answer Joe or I probably would have accidentally made her cum. It wasn’t time for the sexy, wildly horny blonde to cum yet. She hadn’t been teased enough.

“Not yet, Joe. I want you to keep fucking me, hon. You feel too good to stop now. Fuck me Joe. Fuck my pussy baby.” I panted out, as my body shook from Joe banging into my bare ass cheeks.

I reached back and grabbed Joe’s hand from my waist, bringing it up to my large right tit. I squeezed his hand on my tit, wanting him to play with it while he jabbed that thick, young cock into my gripping pussy.

I was going to cum soon. I was so turned on that I needed it. I pushed my ass back to meet his thrusts. I gazed up at wild eyed Tina and sighed, “I’m gonna cum.”

I slipped to my forearms again, gripping  the most inner part part of Tina’s creamy, soft thighs on each side of her pussy. I sucked her plump pussy into my mouth making Tina moan and squirm. She needed to cum also just as bad as I was looking forward to the violent climax quaking and building in my body.

“OOO! MMM! Untie me Goddamn it!” Tina yelped loudly as she jerked against the restraints.

Then my climax hit me. My mouth left Tina’s pussy and I rested my head on her pubic mound while I grunted and jerked my creamy cum all over Joe’s thick cock.

Joe left the full length of his throbbing cock deep in my cunt as I came. When it began to subside he pulled it out to my dismay.

“Go ahead, Dotty. Make Tina cum now.”
Joe told me, giving my ass cheek a stinging slap.

I was so horny and dizzy that I hungrily went after Tina’s plump pussy. My tongue lashed at her wet hole then I sucked her hard clit between my lips. Tina let out a satisfying moan as the tip of my tongue danced wildly over the hard cum button. 

Her hips jerked upwards and she grunted loudly when her much needed climax hit her sexy, slender body. I was hoping Joe would slam his cock in me again but he didn’t.

Joe grabbed my hips pulling me back from Tina’s wet pussy. He said it was his turn now. I crawled over Tina’s leg and flopped over to my back next to the panting, trembling, young woman.

Joe sat back on his legs scooting each knee and thigh under Tina’s until he was right up in her open crotch. He bent his cock down and teased her cum wet slit and pussy lips with the bulbous head of his cock.

Joe plugged her tight hole with just the tip then pull back. “Is that what you want, Tina? You want me to fuck you, huh. Make you cum again, huh.” Joe said as he teased and toyed with her.

“Oh fuck, Joe! Oh fuck! Fuck me you asshole! I ain’t ever playing this game again! You’re mean! Driving me crazy!” Tina blurted out.

Joe grinned at her as she pulled  against the cuffs and frantically pumped her pussy on Joe’s cock head. Then he gave her an inch or two and would pull back again.

Frustrated, so horny it hurts. Begging for climax relief no matter how that’s given. Tina now knew about, ‘The Tease Game’. 

More next post.