										Wife shares me with her friend

One Friday evening my wife and I were driving over to her friend Denise’s house. Denise was upset because she just finalized her divorce the day before and asked us to help move some furniture and belongings out. We walked into the house armed with 2 bottles of wine and a pizza, Denise was standing in the entryway just looking sad. Denise was in her late 50’s and carried a little extra weight. She had a slight belly but with that came overly large breasts. She was short with thicker legs and a large ass, it is not sloppy but not firm. We exchanged hugs and I started moving boxes from inside to the garage, the girls started having pizza and drinking. About 45 minutes went by and I see they have started on the second bottle. I had everything moved downstairs and went to move things from upstairs. We went into the bedroom moved a few boxes, the only thing left was the mattress. I asked them for help since it was a queen king sized bed. We lifted the mattress and underneath was a bright pink dildo. Denise was embarrassed and turned bright red, my wife told her not to worry we have toys of our own. Denise grabbed the dildo and stuffed in her drawer. 

We finished the mattress and last few boxes and went back down stairs. The girls started to drink more to the point Denise got a third bottle of wine out, I could tell my wife was feeling good. I knew I had to drive so I went into the living room and sat in an oversized recliner watching some game. I could hear the girls laughing and carrying on in the kitchen. My wife walked into the living room and I thought she was ready to leave. She told me that the last 2 years have been rough on Denise and her ex was screwing around. She said Denise has not had sex in 2 years, I told her if that was me I would have died. I could see that sneaky grin come to my wife’s face as she said why don’t you help her out a little. I asked my wife what she meant, and she said why don’t you break her dry spell. I was not super attracted to Denise but figured why not it could be a good time. As Denise walked into the living room my wife turned and said we are good he will fuck you. I was so caught off guard by my wife’s boldness and I could see Denise was too. My wife blurted why beat around the bush, you love to fuck and she needs a fuck let’s get started. Once again I was caught so off guard by the blunt way my wife was speaking.  

My wife and I have rules and one of them is no kissing on the mouth. We will not kiss other people, I know that seems crazy since we are doing every other thing under the sun, but we keep kissing to ourselves. Denise moved close and I could see she wanted a kiss, i let her kiss my cheek and neck but would not kiss her lips. I slid my hand down Denises back and grab a handful of ass, I could see my wife smiling over on the couch and drinking her wine. Denise was rubbing my cock through my pants and was still looking for that kiss. I lifted Denises shirt up over her head, she was wearing a very plain tan bra, but it clipped in the front. I worked the 4 clips open and out popped these massive milky tits. Her areolas were large and round and her nipples poked out like the size of small tootsie roll. I grabbed one breast and found her nipple with my mouth. She just quivered and moaned, I could tell it’s been awhile. I unbuttoned her jeans and slide them down to the floor as well. She was wearing black panties, nothing special but you could see how wet she was by the spot on the front. She dropped those down and was standing naked in front of me, I was still holding her breast in one hand and found her clit with he other. Denise had a bush it was not overgrown, I could feel she was so wet and ready for dick. 

I pulled my shirt off and threw it to my wife. Denise ran her hands all over my chest as I unbuttoned my pants and took them down. My cock was erect and visible through my underwear. Denise stopped for a second and looked at my wife. She asked if this was ok because she was unsure, my wife answered with her favorite line, have fun. Denise just stood there and looked at me she said she was unsure, I slowly took down my underwear and my fully erect 7” cock bounced forward. Denise looked in amazement and dropped right to her knees and took my cock into her mouth. She was sucking hard and fast, I looked down and she was playing with herself. This woman was going crazy she pulled my cock out and slapped it on her face and was tugging at it, she certainly was enjoying herself. We walked over to couch, she sat down and I started swirling my tongue around her clit. She grabbed the back of my head and started fucking my face as much as I was eating her. She was letting out moans like I have never heard. 

I worked my way up and rubbed the outside of her pussy lips with the head of my cock. She bucked forward and was begging me to put it in. My wife was cheering us on and told me to fuck her already. Denise was tight, like really tight but very wet. It took a little back and forth but I was able to work the whole thing in. Her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she just laid there for a minute. I asked if she was ok she told me to just started slow. I began with small strokes just letting her get used to the stretch. After a few minutes I started giving full strokes, Denise was screaming in delight. My wife got up and refilled her drink and came back for more of the show. Denises tits were bouncing like massive waves back and forth, her nipples were rock hard, she took one in her own mouth and began sucking it.

After she came hard a few times I asked her what else she wanted, I told her that it’s been so long she could choose. She asked for me to bend her over and spank her. I helped her up and forcefully bent her over the arm of the couch, her large ass was up in the air, i pull back and gave her a loud hard smack. You could see my hand print on her pale white ass. I was nervous it was to much but she screamed for more. A few more hard slaps and then I spread her ass cheeks apart and impaled her with my thick cock. She was loving every minute of attention as she screamed in pure pleasure. She was started getting even more into it, fuck me, make me your slut, fuck my ass!! I wasn’t sure if she was just in the moment or actually wanted it. I slid my thumb in her ass as I continued to pound away, she just kept cumming. 

I looked at my wife who was smiling ear to ear and starting to touch herself. I pulled my cock out and slowly put the tip into Denises ass. She winced a little then forced herself back into me with enough force it almost took me off my feet. I was now fully in her ass, the juices from her pussy were more than enough to lube me up. I started to absolutely pound into her I knew I wouldn’t last long. I grabbed a hold of her hips hard and finally gave a deep thrust letting my cum fill her. 

Denise was still laying over the side of the couch, I could see my goo leaking out of her ass. She stood up and went to go clean herself up. I got my clothes on and kissed my wife. Denise came back out and said it was the hardest she has ever came and the biggest cock she has ever been with. She hugged my wife and told her that she was lucky, the only thing she missed was a kiss. My wife’s looked at me and then turned to Denise and gave her a long passionate kiss. I could see their tongues moving in each others mouth. My wife pulled back and Denise just stood still shock we all were in shock. I have never seen my wife kiss another girl. My wife walked over to me and kissed me next, she turned to Denise and said next time I am joining you guys.