										Years ago, me (M 40) and my (now ex) girlfriend allowed our friend (M) to cum on us both as he watched us fuck.

The girl I was with at the time had often told me that she loved the idea of being watched and we'd talk about it a lot, but I'd always considered it to be just a fantasy and not something that would ever really happen. However one weekend, we had a male friend over for drinks and it came true.

We were all loosened up by a few drinks when my girlfriend suggested we watch a movie. As we were trying to decide which one, I joked that we could try something from our small porno collection (this was way back when hardly anyone was online and we had a little collection of VHS tapes). She was kind of appalled and embarrassed that I'd mentioned them in front of our guest at first. But then got kind of giggly when the guy said he'd love to see one.

So we sat down, us on the sofa and him in a nearby armchair to watch them and I'm sure you can imagine the rest. First my gf was rubbing me through my jeans trying to be secretive about it, but before long, all inhibitions were lost and she was unzipping me to suck me off. At this point the guy was just kinda watching out the corner of his eye but acting like he was still watching the movie. One thing led to another and 20 minute later, me and her are fully naked, she on top of me preparing to lower herself onto my cock, our friend has lost all interest in the screen and is avidly watching us both with his cock in his hand. No-one said a word. We started to fuck and it was the hottest sex we'd ever had. With him there wanking, like she'd always fantasized about, she became an absolute slut, riding me like crazy and putting on a show for him. The ending of this took kind of took me by surprise though. We were both close to finishing (she'd already cum at least once and I was about to blow my load) when the guy stood up and approached us. I thought for a moment he was going to try to DP her (which I honestly would have loved at that point) but instead, he stood between my legs, the glistening tip of his cock all most touching us and shot a huge load of hot cum over us. It hit her ass first and ran down over me, then splashes hit my shaft and balls. She continued to ride me, basically using the guys cum like lube. It was incredible. I didn't last long after that and very soon added to the sticky mess. Afterwards we all got dressed and kinda joked about it and shrugged it off and we didn't see him much after that because it felt kind of awkward.

I often look back and wish we'd have done more stuff like that though.