										Cheating - With My Neighbor's Daughter!!!

I know I'm not supposed to look at her this way.

She’s nineteen, and I’m a married man of fourteen beautiful years.

Stop looking! She’s your neighbor’s daughter for fuck sake!

But how can I if she won’t let me?

She has walked past my house three times within the last thirty minutes and now she’s going for the fourth. Why am I paying such meticulous attention you wonder? Because it’s summer, and her tiny pair of shortcut jeans cling onto the most perfect butt cheeks you’ll find this side of Texas.

I’ve also noticed that she keeps looking into my driveway every time she passes, but I could be wrong. I did have a few too many last night and I’m still a little buzzed.

And while I should be in my wife’s car with the intention of mapping out the long trip she’ll be taking on her GPS, I’m gawking at Carolina through the rearview mirror.

But who wouldn’t?

She’s a beautiful young college student with just the right amount of Southern confidence to embody that all American attitude. In other words, she’s a bright young blond with ocean blue eyes and a rack that can put Playboy to shame. If you could see what I’m seeing, you’d understand.

Wait a minute.

She’s walking up the driveway.

Oh shit, did I come off that creepy?

At the neighborhood barbeque last week, her dad told me about his prized Desert Eagle and how he’s just dying to shoot off a few rounds at someone.

Should I get out of the car?

Too late.

“Mr. Carter?” Carolina says as she stops next to the car and crouches to get into view through the window.

“Hey, Carolina. Hi there. I’m just putting these…um…these…”

I’m at a loss for words.

Like a mumbling idiot, I shoot glances between my hands and the steering wheel, as if some kind of explanation is supposed to materialize by itself.

Think you idiot. What the fuck are you doing in the car?

“Are you okay Mr. Carter?”

“What? Yes, of course. No, it’s just these…um”

If you can imagine what her tiny jeans look like, then add a shirt that should have been worn by a twelve-year-old. Keep in mind that it’s summer time. And from head to toe, which is probably 5.6, Carolina is a complete distraction.

“What can I do for you?”

She gives me a cool and sexy smile while I begin to sweat.

“My dad said you do some design work in your spare time. And I was wondering if I could borrow your skills for an afternoon? We want to launch an independent magazine on campus, but we’re stuck what cover to go with for the first issue.”

I get out of the car, because if I stay in line with her breasts any longer, she’s going to notice my staring. And God she smells incredible.

“Sure, no problem. But I don’t really know if I’m the guy you’re looking for.”

I’m lucky that my natural instincts to steer clear of woman that get me thinking very nasty thoughts kicks in. More specifically, I turn into the most unattractive male you can imagine.

But Carolina is giving me a strange look. And she’s not showing any signs of leaving.

“Well, from what I’ve seen, you’re exactly the guy I’m looking for.”

That’s a strange tone of voice too.

Is she flirting with me?

“So, can I come around tomorrow morning?”

“That’ll be great, cool…I mean, I’ll see you tomorrow then.”

Why did Megan ever marry me? Was I this stupid on our first date?

“Awesome. Thanks, Mr. Carter. I really appreciate it. I’ll swing by after my softball game.”

With a hop in her step, Carolina trots off.

I can’t help but stare at those tiny jeans and perfectly toned legs as she moves away. Would you have turned this poor girl down if she came to you with a problem?

I didn’t think so.

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*\*

So, I got myself into a situation. Let me tell you what happened and you can be the judge.

By the time Megan had left for her trip, Carolina still hadn’t shown up. Yes, I know we didn’t specify the time, but I was hoping my wife would still be in the vicinity. I wasn’t sure how much self-control I would have around Carolina if we were alone. Just because I was secretly lusting after her didn’t mean I was going to grope her when the opportunity presented itself. But in terms of resistance, I needed a little more support.

About twenty minutes after Megan was officially on the road, my doorbell rang. My heart started racing as I went to see who it was, because I only had one guess. As luck would have it, there she stood. Carolina Berg, wearing a softball uniform.

“I’m so sorry I’m late, Mr. Carter, but the game took longer than I expected. I came straight over.”

“No, it’s fine. I’m ready when you are.”

Her eye-black was smearing a little bit and the dirt was still on her clothes.

“Great. Thank you so much for this.”

She brushed by me, and even though she looked like she just ran a marathon, she still smelled incredible.

“Do you want something to drink?”

“A glass of ice-water would be amazing right now.”

“One ice glass, I mean, water of ice...”

Carolina started laughing a little bit.

“Are you sure you’re okay, Mr. Carter?”

“Yes. It’s just that my wife’s not home and…”

Yeah, tell her how creepy this situation should be. That will get you somewhere.

“…and I’m afraid I’m not the greatest host.” I try to save the situation.

“Well, up until now it’s been quite pleasant, so you’re obviously getting better.”

She didn’t seem to mind that my wife wasn’t there. However, she did ask an interesting question when I came back with her water.

“So, for how long will you be a bachelor again, Mr. Carter?”

“Come again?”

I’m no Sherlock Holmes, but I could swear she knew something about my wife’s trip.

“How long will Mrs. Carter be out of town? I heard guys go crazy when they get a little break.”

How did she know about the trip?

“Yeah well, I try to keep my excursions as discreet as possible.”

No, it wasn’t my best joke, but I had to throw something out there other than my mumbling. In fact, it was a shitty joke, because she wasn’t laughing.

“I bet you do.”

At that point I needed the glass of water more than she did.

“So, how can I help you with your cover? Are you looking for technical advice or just some general ideas?”

We were standing in the living room and I gestured towards the couch, urging her to sit. I also made a point of sitting on a completely different chair.

“Well, we’re obviously looking for something contemporary. But we both know how it won’t be enough. Our first cover really needs to blow people out of the water. And I think your experience in this area can really help a lot.”

“Do you have a prototype design?” I asked with a lump in my throat.

“Yes, we do actually.”

She grabbed her bag and dug inside. As she searched around, a pair of underwear fell out, but she didn’t seem to notice. Even after she found the envelope, she was still unaware about the underwear at her feet.

Before she handed me the envelope she blushed.

“Just remember, this isn’t a typical magazine. We decided to go big or go home. I can trust you’ll keep these designs between us?”

Initially, I thought she just wasn’t confident about the design, and maybe she didn’t want to feel embarrassed in case I didn’t like it. But sometimes I’m glad I’m wrong.

“No problem. My lips are sealed.”

When I opened the envelope I thought I was going to have a heart attack. Carolina was the model, and the only way I couldn’t see everything this girl had to hide was due to the title of the magazine, along with the same pair of underwear that were now on my living room floor. The font strategically covered her nipples while the underwear, well, they didn’t leave much to the imagination if you know what I mean.

“What do you think? Will it get the attention we’re looking for?”

Once again, I found myself at a loss for words.

“Is it too much? It’s too much isn’t it? I knew we should’ve used a different model.” She sounded completely depressed and self-conscious.

“No!” I yelled so loudly I startled myself. “I mean…no, it’s very tasteful. I like it.”

“Really? You’re not just saying that to make me feel better?”

“Of course not, I’m a professional. In my opinion, you’ve done a great job.”

“Thank god! I’m so happy! Um, can I use your bathroom quickly? I’ve drank more than my body weight in water today.”

“Yeah sure. Down the hall, second door to your left.”

As a giddy Carolina disappeared down the hall, I sat there with the picture in my hand and the panties still teasing me.

I wondered what they smelled like, and without thinking, I walked over and picked them up. Then I held the pair to my nose. The slight scent of pussy struck me and my dick reacted without permission.

Right then, the front door slammed open and Megan walked in. My mind went completely blank, because I was still holding the picture. The only difference now - as supposed to ten seconds earlier - was Carolina’s panties a few inches from my nostrils, and my erection clearly showing.

“Honey, I forgot the damn…” Megan started and stopped.

Silence.

I can only imagine how strange it looked. And my heart was racing with panic, not lust.

Not anymore.

“I’m sorry, honey, I didn’t mean to interrupt your private time.”

Megan giggled as she crossed the living-room to her desk. She picked up the contracts she forgot and made her way back to the front door.

“I didn’t see anything, okay? I promise. Forget I was even here. I’m just glad it’s not some sleazy video, because I personally think lingerie and pictures are healthy masturbation tools. Love you, hon. Call you when I get there.”

She blew me a kiss before heading out again. The relief and the shock left me frozen in the same position she caught me in.

That was too fucking close.

In fact, I was so relieved that Megan drew her own conclusions, I forgot about Carolina.

“Mr. Carter?”

Oh shit.

What do you say in a situation like this?

“Maybe I should be going.” Carolina said with a hint of nervousness.

Her discomfort was clear as she walked over to me and picked up her bag.

“I’m really sorry, but your underwear fell out while you were looking for the design and I just wanted to put it back.” I tried to explain.

Then she looked down at my dick, which wasn’t discouraged by any of the awkwardness. It also wasn’t helping my situation.

God dammit, why can’t they invent an off-switch for the fucking thing?

“Tell you what, Mr. Carter. You hold on to the design and the underwear. We can talk again later…when you’re um…more relaxed?”

A taunting smile formed across her lips.

“I have to go and take a shower anyway.”

“No, but, Carolina, it’s not what it looks like…I was just…”

“See you later, Mr. Carter, and thanks again.”

She was out the door before I could make an even bigger fool of myself.

And despite feeling like a complete ass, I still found myself in the bathroom five minutes later, testing out various combinations that would hopefully reveal the off-switch for my dick.

I found it.

Just stroke it while looking at a sexy, half-naked college girl with her panties up to your face. After a minute or two it will switch off by itself.

But this wasn’t a typical session. It was one of those short-lived jerks were you do it just to get your hormones in check and to rid your mind of the lust. I call these sessions Guilt-Tugs. You skip the foreplay and head straight for the climax moment in your fantasy.

I took a shower afterwards and engaged in an afternoon nap. I needed some rest after what my poor body went through. At least nothing happened and hopefully Carolina wouldn’t tell her dad.

With cellphone in hand, I stretched out on the couch. Megan was going to call in a little while and I wanted to sound normal.

I awoke to the sound of the doorbell. This was followed by some heavy knocking. It had started to rain while I was sleeping, but the peaceful sound was drenched in the urgency of my unknown guest. As I reached out my hand to open the door, the image of very angry father popped into my head. This made me pause for a second.

Because in my case, the angry father would be packing a hungry Desert Eagle.

“Mr. Carter. Are you there?”

It was the sweet sound of Carolina’s voice. However, she could be packing a very angry boyfriend I didn’t know she had.

“Please, Mr. Carter. Can we talk?”

I took my chances.

She stood in my doorway, soaking wet with mascara running down her cheeks.

“My goodness. Are you okay?”

Instinctively, I wanted to put my hand on her shoulder, but thought it wiser to refrain from any physical contact.

“Can I come in?”

“Of course, let me get you a towel or something. Please, sit down. I’ll be right back.”

I didn’t want to bring her a towel, because her summer dress was plastered against her toned body. The outline of her amazing breasts, the small amount of baby-fat on her inner thigh, it was a sight that would make blind men see again. But I’ve already crossed the line once. It wasn’t going to happen again.

Taking some time to compose myself, I went back to the living room with Carolina’s towel. As I turned the corner, she was standing at the couch twiddling her thumbs, innocently looking down at her toes, which were digging into the carpet. Apparently, the summer dress didn’t make it four feet from the door.

“I have a tiny confession to make, Mr. Carter.”

With nothing on, except painted lines of dark mascara, Carolina faced me. Like I said in the beginning, from head to toe, she was a complete distraction. Her stomach was exactly as I pictured it would be and the small landing strip paved the way towards certain nirvana. Every inch of this girl was in perfect proportion.

“I wanted you to see my picture and smell my underwear.”

My legs started moving without my knowledge, closer to the naked girl. It was like I was under some kind of spell.

“Why?”

She shook her head a little bit and sat down on the couch.

“This is so embarrassing. But I…I wanted to see your erect...reaction. Ugh, you see? Now I’m the mumbling idiot.”

I made a bigger fool of myself than I thought.

I sat down beside her anyway. The poor girl was a wreck.

“Oh, I’m sorry, Mr. Carter. I don’t mean you’re an idiot. What you do is sweet. The whole shy guy thing you’ve got going really works for you. But I’m supposed to be Confidence Girl all the time, when in truth, I’m very insecure.”

“What do you have to be insecure about? You’re gorgeous.”

She placed her hand on my knee, although she averted her eyes.

“Sometimes I can hear you.”

“Hear me what, exactly?”

“Having sex…with your wife. I’ve heard the way you make her scream.”

Her crystal blue eyes were sharper than ever and her voice could’ve made me cum right there.

“I want to scream like her.”

My underwear suddenly became very restrictive as her hand slid further up my thigh. It stopped within an inch of my groin. Then she started leaning in, pressing her breasts against my chest. Her tiny nipples were so hard I just wanted to bite them, and I’m not even going to mention the feeling of her breath on my neck.

“Do you want to make me scream like that, Mr. Carter?”

The tip of her tongue was playing with my jaw and her grip on my thigh got tighter.

“Mr. Carter?”

I felt a vibration under my ass. Then I heard the muffled version of Hotel California. It was Megan. She was probably calling to tell me she arrived safely.

I jumped up from the couch and grabbed the phone I was sitting on.

“Hi, Meg, so glad you called.”

While covering the mouthpiece of the phone I signaled Carolina to give me a minute. The kitchen felt like the safest place to go at that point.

“You won’t believe the big accident I saw. There had to be at least ten people…”

Megan’s voice trailed off when I saw Carolina crawling towards me on her hands and knees, still naked. I was leaning against the kitchen counter, looking as cool as I possibly could.

“Really? Ten people? Were they badly hurt?” I try to sound relaxed talking my wife.

I also tried pushing Carolina away as she reached me, but she wasn’t having it. With one of the most seductive expressions I’ve ever seen in my life, she continued to unbuckle my belt.

I wasn’t hearing a word Megan was saying.

“That’s horrible. I’m just glad you’re safe, honey.”

Before the top of my pants could reach my ankles, Carolina had her tongue running up my shaft. She cradled my balls as she started sucking on the tip with her warm mouth. It was like she was sucking out my soul, but in a good way.

“Yeah, I hate it when that happens.”

I had to pull some strange faces in order to keep me from making satisfactory sounds, because when the rest of my dick disappeared inside Carolina’s mouth, I wanted to roar like a beast. She took it so deep I was literally throat fucking her.

“What? You hate it when they save people? Paul, are you even listening to me?”

Megan’s voice was back.

“Sorry, I must’ve heard wrong. I’ve got this really…I’ve got this really bad…a headache, I have this headache that just…it won’t quit.”

“Paul, you sound really funny. Are you okay? Do you want me to call an ambulance?”

Carolina was picking up the pace, but her sucking power stayed intact. I grabbed onto the edge of the kitchen counter and closed my eyes, because the view was simply too magnificent. Her tight ass was moving back and forth while she swallowed my dick.

“I’m fine, honey. Maybe I should just go to bed.”

“Okay, I think I’m going to turn in too. Call you again in the morning. Love you, hon!”

“Love you too, Meg. Miss you!”

I dropped the phone on the table and collected two chunks of Carolina’s hair, making her stop. She just stared up at me with her mouth still open. I overstepped the line with such a distance that I couldn’t see it anymore. What was the harm in finishing what I started?

I placed my cock back in her mouth and started thrusting, still holding onto her hair. She was very pleased, because she was sucking with more enthusiasm than before.

There was no stopping the inevitable. I was going to fuck Carolina until my dick got sore. I pulled her up by her arms and placed her on the kitchen counter. Her smooth legs were dangling off the edge. My hands ran up and down her thighs until they finally moved towards her tits. As I leaned in to bite on those perfect nipples, she pushed out her chest and laid back slightly, allowing me all the biting pleasure in the world.

Her pussy was squirming around on the table, seeking the edge of my dick.

“Did you smell my panties, Mr. Carter?”

“Oh god yes. I love the way you smell.”

“But will you love the way I taste?”

I didn’t reply. Instead, I kneeled down before her pretty pink snatch, the source of my hypnotic trance. It was important that I savored the moment, because I probably wouldn’t live long enough to do it again. Carolina obstructed my view with her hand while pushing her middle finger inside her pussy. When she pulled it out she moved it directly to my lips.

It was by far the sweetest finger I’ve sucked on and it gave my erection an extra kick. In fact, it was so hard it started to hurt. I just wanted to pound her right there on the table. But first, I had to dig my tongue into that fresh little pussy.

Carolina fell back onto the table and lifted her legs, resting her feet on my shoulders. Her hands were groping the back of my head, forcing me to dig deeper. With so much lust filling up inside me I started sucking on her clit.

The noises that came from that girl’s mouth had me in a frenzy. Before I knew it I was standing up straight and pulling her lower body closer to the edge of the table. It was time. The foreplay was over. The teasing had passed. All that remained was to drive my hungry dick deep into Carolina.

She moaned with excitement as I penetrated the first inches of her pussy. I’ve tried to find a good reference to how tight this girl was, but I’m still unable to find an accurate one. In addition to the tightness, she was warm, soft and wet. Her snatch was like fucking a piece of heaven. Every other thought I had up to that point was officially gone from my mind. A Zen Buddhist would’ve envied the emptiness of my consciousness.

In fifteen years I haven’t touched another woman, and now I was fucking a blonde bombshell on my kitchen table. For this reason I made every thrust count. I’d drive it in deep, then move it up and down inside her while my balls rubbed against her tight ass.

Carolina was panting like an animal and the excitement kept on increasing.

“Wait. Wait…Mr. Carter…”

She sat up and started kissing me, making my dick pop out of her creaming snatch. Her soft tongue forced its way into my mouth, almost as if she wanted to eat me alive.

“Tie me to the leg of the table with your belt.”

Just like she wanted, I tied both her hands tightly to the smooth wood as she laid on her stomach.

“Now do you want you to me.”

I was overwhelmed, because I had so many ideas. But my first instinct was to spank her ass.

“Ouch! Mr. Carter! I won’t be a naughty girl anymore. Please!”

Her playful tone urged me to spank her harder.

“Mmm…punish me Mr. Carter.”

I mounted her from behind and stuck my dick in between her ass cheeks, fucking the surface of her perfect hole. As I rubbed against her I pushed her cheeks together as hard as I could.

“Fuck me Mr. Carter! Please fuck me! Make me scream!”

With her legs still together I laid down on top of her. To my delight it was a little harder to penetrate from this position, but any resistance made fucking Carolina so much sweeter.

I buried my face in her hair and started ramming her, my fingers digging into her sides. Carolina’s smoldering hot body underneath mine felt like the most natural thing in the world and I didn’t want it to end.

“Don’t stop Mr. Carter, I’m cumming. Don’t stop!”

As the screaming came from her mouth the cum sprayed from my dick. I clung to her as my body took control. Without any conscious thought my dick kept drilling inside her, unloading every drop of sperm I had. Days of frustration was now spewing against the walls of Carolina’s pussy.

When I finally stopped I took a deep breath, hoping to relax.

“Happy anniversary Honey!”

Hearing Megan’s voice was like getting a knife stabbed into my ears. It’s not she had an ugly voice, but under the circumstances it was the last voice I wanted to hear. I turned around with my dick still high and mighty.

“Megan, I’m so…”

“Shhh!”

Megan interrupted me as I tried to explain.

“It was a setup from the start Honey. This really is my present to you. Oh, and hi Carolina.”

“Hello Mrs. C.”

“Paul, could you be a darling and untie the young lady. She was absolutely brilliant tonight don’t you think?”

Dumbfounded I loosened the belt.

“I don’t understand. You wanted me to have sex with her?”

“I guess I should let you guys talk.”

Carolina made her way to the door.

“By the way Mrs. C, you were right about his skills. You’re a very lucky woman. Goodnight Mr. Carter. See you around.”

She winked as she disappeared into the living room where her dress was still on the floor.

“Megan, I really don’t get this.”

Megan’s smile started to fade a little bit.

“Paul, I cheated on you a month ago. It was a silly one-time thing and I didn’t even know the guy’s name. Anyway, I wanted to tell you, but then Carolina gave me another idea. Her argument made much more sense anyway.”

I wasn’t sure what I should’ve felt, but I obviously couldn’t be mad.

“Look Honey, I know I was wrong, but did you want me to tell you and ruin our marriage? Or did you prefer what happened here tonight?”

She was right. I couldn’t blame her for losing control, because I did the same thing.

“Well, it was a great present. It was amazing.”

Megan got excited again and gave me a hug.

“Oh Honey, I’m so glad you enjoyed it. Now…what did you get me?”

A short silence followed.

“Um, I still have to pick it up.”

“You forgot? I can’t believe you Paul!”

This was where things got really complicated.

\*The End\*