										This is how I (F34) started cheating on my husband with three university students part 2

[*This is part 1*](https://www.reddit.com/r/sexstories/comments/teu8g7/this_is_how_i_f34_started_to_cheat_on_my_husband/)

Now, these blowjobs kept happening over the next few days. We even had a couple at their hous, when his friends were gone. It was at one of this times I was at his place when I decided it was time to fuck. 

"So... do you want to fuck me?" I asked him after a few minutes of me sucking his dick.

"I... do. But are you sure we should do this?" he replied

"Don't be silly, we have to!" I replied, while getting my shorts and underwear off. I then got a condom, put it on his dick and I started riding it. "Your dick feels so nice inside of me" I said with a big smile on my face.

"And your pussy feels so nice" he replied. 

After a while, he said he'd like to fuck me doggystyle, so I got into position. He started fucking me, and he was doing it quite good. However, his housemates walked in on us. We didn't haer them walk in, so we were all really shocked. They were shocked to see their friend fucking me, and we were shocked to see them.

One of the guys said "You've been fucking her without telling us?"

So I got up, walked towards them and said "Well, now you know. and if you want, you can all share me." They looked really happy about this, "There will, however be one condition. Don't tell anyone."

"Our mouths will stay zipped" said one of them. 

"Good boys" I said, while going down to get the dicks out of the guys still standing, and I started sucking them. The guy who was fucking me joined us shortly after.

"Can we fuck you?" asked one of them after a little while.

"It depends... do you have condoms?" I replied

"Yeah, I'll be back soon", and he ran upstairs.

In the meantime, one of the guys who stayed held my head still and started facefucking me. "Damn, you're a really good slut." He said while doing that.

The guy came back with the condoms and, before anyone could say or do anything, he put one on, picked me up and started fucking me from behind while standing. It felt so good and I knew I was in for a treat. 

The guy who facefucked me, who was the only one who hasn't properly fucked me yet, put on a condom and, after the guy let me go, he got me to sit doggystyle on the floor, and the other two guys came to get their dicks sucked. 

They all kept taking turns at me for another half an hour or so. My body was covered in cum at the end, which I loved lol.

We then exchanged phone numbers, and kept meeting up over the next three years or so. Sometimes it was just a simple blowjob, other times it was rough sex foursomes, and anything in between.