										Submissive friend in chastity prostate massage [24f]

Im no writer, but I thought I would share a story

I call him my submissive friend. We have an arrangement together that's sorta on the lines of DOM/SUB.

For a few months I would invite him over for cleaning. His cock is always locked up in a metal cage I purchased myself from extreme restraints. It has a decent weight to it and I find its easier to clean. Like with all chastity cages, I am aware that no mater what he can turtle shrink his cock and pull it out to pleasure himself when im not around. For years we have built trust in each other and I knew he wouldnt do that... but this time was different when he came over.

I unlocked his cage and gave it the usual sponge bath. Typically, I would clean it real well and the entire time he would have rock hard cock. Toward the end I would apply some vitamin E oils and edge him. If this was a special occasion, I would edge him for what seems like hours and gift him with solid release. But this time he seemed guilty... "Did you masturbate?" I asked him. "I did yesterday, just once". Its not like im angry, or upset, but I knew it was only a matter of time and I knew exactly what needed to happen. I cleaned him, but instead of edging him I used the oils to force the cage back on and locked it. "bend over" I commanded. He propped up his body quickly, face toward the arm rest of the couch and his ass sorta in the middle of the couch. I applied a generous amount of silicon lube on his ass and slide my fingers deep inside him. This wasn't something we did on occasions, so I could sense a slight discomfort from him. I stuck to one finger slid it slowly in and out, twisting and turning until I could hear him moan. Then it was time to locate the "pleasure button". I switched to my middle finger and pressed deep inside him. I bent my finger downward. I located his prostate and at the same time I heard a new kind of moan coming from my submissive friend. I circled my finger, pressed down on the prostate, and vis versa. I knew he loved it. I did this until his cock was dripping with tiny droplets of delicious cum. I used my other hand to smear a small amount of the cum ontop his lips.

I stopped. "For now on, Im going to try edging your prostate instead of your cock."

Told him to get dressed and to order us Chinese.