										Fucking two of my friends in a threesome! (Part 1)

One day, I supported two of my friends who were volleyball players and went to one of their games (which they won). As the match went on, while I admire their volleyball skills, I could not stop looking at  the tight shorts that were wrapped around her asses. One of the friends was busty so the tight long sleeved uniform clung to her.

After the game, we met up. Let me introduce my friends now. I had known them since middle school. One I shall call "Ozzie" and the other one "Katie". Katie was the busty one I had talked about earlier. She had a curvy slightly thick structure and her ass and rack were big and bouncy . She was a good 5'8-5'9 (I'm 6'0 for reference). Ozzie was as hot as Katie. She was around the same height as Katie. She was thin and her boobs were a little smaller but her chest and ass were firm.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyways, afterwards we went over to my house for pizza and movies. We got to my house and ordered some pizza and after finishing, we watched some movies. Katie changed into dark jeans and  a white tank top that showed her cleavage and clung to her tits tightly. I swear she would purposely bounce her boobs every time I looked at her.

While watching the movie, a threesome scene came on. I looked a little awkward and looked around. "You ever had a threesome before OP?" Katie laughed. "Uh, nope. I have not." I smiled. "Ah, I haven't either if you must know. But..." Katie glanced back at Ozzie and back at me. "That can be fixed. For all of us." She set up a small smirk. She went over to Ozzie's side of the couch and whispered for a couple of minutes to her, even after the scene had passed. Ozzie looked back at me a couple times while nodding.

Katie crawled back over to me and asked "Well, mister, are you open to... fixing that problem we had?" I knew what Katie meant. I could see it in her eyes. "Well, I'd be crazy to say no. So, yes please." I reclined in my couch.

Katie got on my lap first. We started making out. She slowly moved up and down, left and right. WE parted for a while as she took off her tank top. It was almost heavenly the way Katie's white tank top slowly rolled up her body and flung off her arm as her heavy tits dropped from her bra.

"Jesus." I gasped. "Wanna touch em?" She asked. I didn't say anything but I grabbed them and massaged them. They felt like two big and soft pillows. I stuck my head between them, kissing all of it. Katie laughed and got off my lap. She knelt down. "Your turn..." she smiled. I looked at Ozzie. Her shirt was off, and so were her pants. She wore this amazing sports bra and boxer shorts to match. She was amazing too. Her tits and ass weren't as big as Katies, but by god are they firm.

É... bem grande." Ozzie's mouth hung open slightly (Ozzie was Portugese). 

Ozzie got first try. She knelt on the ground and sucked my dick dry. It felt so good. I could only imagine how actually entering them would feel like. But then again, I wouldn't have to think any further. 

Ozzie walked away, her ass swaying as she scrambled through her bag on the floor. She pulled out a pack of condoms and threw one on my lap. I ripped it open and immediately pulled the rubber straight on. The girls whispered to each other for a second before Ozzie took off her boxers and sat facing me with her knees on either side of my body. Her beautiful body hung centimetres over my dick. I could basically feel the warmth between her legs. By gods, this was going to be good.

&amp;#x200B;

... and to make sure this isn't too long, I stop here. Tell me if youd like part 2!