										[26F] How I lost my virginity by not skipping class (everyone involved is 18+)

This isn't a recent story, it happened years ago in late senior year of high school when I was 19. Since it was so close to graduation, important classes were mostly over and what we learned wouldn't affect our end grades anyway. So people were using their absent days and one day almost entire class decided to skip class and go to an amusement park. I wasn't in the mood to go but didn't wanna stay home so I went to school knowing classes would be empty. 

There were only me and three guys who came and we weren't allowed to go home but all our classes got cancelled. Two of the guys were in the chess club and they said I could hang out in their club room because one of them had the keys. I had never been in there but I was so surprised to find out it was relatively nice with privacy and it had comfortable couches and nice tables and stuff. 

After a couple hours I got bored (and I'm an annoying person) so I decided to bother them. I thought one of the guys was cute so I made him teach me chess, I was flirting with him and he was flirting back. I was trying to see how horny I could get him. I would sit next to the board facing him while he played the other guy to distract him (our school had a uniform so I was wearing a button up shirt and a skirt), I unbuttoned a couple of my shirt buttons etc. Basically I'm bored and trying to get this cute guy horny.

About an hour passes of me being a slut and his friend disappears. I don't know if they realized what I was doing and he asked him to leave or just his friend had to be somewhere but it was just us two alone in the room except for some people that dropped by in the recess. As soon as they left he locked the door, sat down in one of the couches and called me over to him. I knew we were alone for forty minutes and we both knew where it was going I instinctively walked over and I sat on his lap and we started to make out. Making out and a hand job was the extent of my sexual experiences but I knew I wanted to do more. 

After a few minutes he asked for a handjob but instead I got down on my knees on the floor and pulled his pants down, luckily he was recently shaven. His dick was already hard and in hindsight decently big. Of course back then I didn't know that and I had only seen blowjobs in porn so I just started by licking it and trying to suck on the tip. I was so excited and I kept asking if he liked it and I tried to fit as much as I can in my mouth. It couldn't have been more than a couple minutes when he came without warning and I was taken by surprise but it wasn't a lot. 

Obviously he got hard immediately again (being 19yo) and he was getting in the mood so he asked if I wanted to go further. He told me he was a virgin and I told him I was and we decided to give it a go without a condom because we were stupid teenagers who didn't know when they would get another chance to have sex. 

We were both still almost fully clothed because we didn't want to get caught off guard. I climbed on his lap and pulled aside my underwear and helped him get inside and I was moving on his dick while he had his hands under my shirt playing with my boobs. I don't know how long we were like that but this time he warned me when he was getting close so I got back down on my knees and used my hands to help him get there. We cleaned up and I spent the rest of the class on his lap making out with him but nothing more happened for the rest of the day.

So that is the story of how I lost my virginity because I decide to not skip school, thank you for reading this far. Hope the build up and the post itself are not too long. I didn't orgasm and it wasn't the best (maybe he would disagree) since we were both so inexperienced but at least I had fun and took that first step. Later rumor got out that he fucked me in the chess club room but I didn't blame him and I didn't have a problem with the rumor because we were about to graduate anyway.