										So… the admission… I’m a snow bunny…

When I joined Reddit recently, it was to explore, have fun, share some stories, fairly anonymously and smile. So far, all objectives ticked. 

As I’ve said previously, until last June, I lived a fairly conservative sex life, with very little variation. I’d say anything but that now. Firstly, I love being loved for who I am, not what I look like, or sex. Sex, however is one of the best parts of our relationship (Top 3) and sharing stories is something we both enjoy. 

A Reddit user connected with me, after sharing some thoughts, wrote an amazing MMMF story about me…. ( I’ve shared it) I loved it, cause imagined myself being completely slutty, and deep down it is a desire to maybe do that. (Please note, if anything messages me to offer, you are blocked).

The story was so hot, I was wet throughout. I’d had access to it in parts and I got hotter and hotter. As the final version came out, I was so turned on. Although it is potentially something I wouldn’t do, the thought was amazing, and I loved how ultimately, I ended up making love to the man I love.

I was so horny.

Without much notice, I pushed him on the sittee and started pulling his shorts down and boxers. Quite firmly, I push his legs open widely, as I run my nails lightly from his knee, down his inner thighs, grabbing his manhood and squeezing before continuing the journey with my nails to his other knee along the inside of his legs. I know he loves this. 

He looks as amazing as ever, with his strong muscular body, especially his chest and his thighs wide open. I was watching his semi limp big black cock start to stir. I pulled my strapped top over my head to reveal my big, bouncing boobs, wearing only a lacy white thong, I tie my hair up as I leaned over him. He knows I mean serious business. 

As I reach down to hold his cock, I kiss him, telling him I love him as I quickly move my boobs to this mouth. He opens up, and accepts my 34DD offering into his mouth, sucking hard, he gets his teeth lightly around my nipple and bites down.  I moaned loudly as I moved my own hand to his chest and I dug my nail into his nipple with pressure as I felt his bite get harder. I looked further down and he was starting to stroke his cock.

I pulled away and slapped his hand away from his cock; when I am in the room, that is my job. He smirky, pulled me closer with one hand, and with the other, ripped my thong off aggressively. I was clearly wet down my inner thigh. 

I sank to my knees, my boobs pressed over his cock, I could feel him pulsing it between them, he loved to use them. At this point, I told him to go on my phone and read the MMMF story on Reddit, and told him the girl was me. 

As he logged in, I kissed and licked the end of his cock, pulling down the foreskin, and dribbling saliva on it. I wanted to suck this. I licked all the way down his shaft and took his balls in my mouth, warming then up for action. 

I could tell he had began ready his smiles changed, and he made little comments into between his moans of my actions. I went to the top and took his length into my mouth, my lips gripping just below his bell end so I can lower the foreskin and work my tongue on his sensitive parts.

He grunted, and held my hair knot to guide me, still make comments. ‘Mmm baby I love licking your pussy from behind’ gave me an idea of where he was it. I continue to suck and my head bobbed up and down on him. He was so hard. I wasn’t using my hands at all, and had them on his hips, as I changed my grip tighten with my lips to give him different sensations. 

He grips my hair tighter and he said ‘you are such a horny slut’, I smiled and moaned in agreement. I could feel I was dripping with wetness but I didn’t want to play, I wanted to be fucked. 

He suddenly put the phone down, and pulled my head up to look at him. Our eyes met as he caressed my face and said ‘I love you, you’ve found your slutty side in life’. I giggled at which he slapped my face semi hard… fuck. 

Without warning, he had two hands gripping my hair, and he was pulling my head rapidly towards his hard cock. My mouth naturally opened, and before I knew it, he was deep in my mouth, my lips closed further down and gripped him. His hips were granting moving in and out, as he held my head. He was fucking my face, I was no longer in any control. I was struggling with the build up of spit mixed in my mouth. Luckily I can breathe out of my nose or I’d be struggling for breath. 

He was telling me how much of a slut I was, gripping by me harder, calling me names. He was grunting and howling as he loudly as he powerfully unloaded in my mouth unannounced... he held my head as he pumped me hard. I was granting swallowing, but not as fast as it was coming in. I was moaning in pleasure as I slurped my mans cock. 

As he release me, he lay down spent, and I smiled, licking up dribbles from his body. I looked at him with love, knowing I was myself. I got up and went to get a glass of water, he moved, grabbed his semi hard on, and said, this is going in that arse tonight… I love you…