										[F] [26] Demanding his cock with my in-laws just outside our door.

For whatever reason I get horny and enjoy being freaky at the most inappropriate times. It turns me on to be risky in any setting and having my husband's parents over was no different. My in-laws are in town and are staying at our house for a few too many days. Our house is small with paper thin walls and adding an extra three people to the mix is going to be a challenge. They will be staying in our nursery and our baby will be sleeping in our room for the duration of four days. This will make for easy feedings and a great excuse for me to break away and shut the door when I become overwhelmed. 

My husband had jumped out of a shower after work and was rocking in a chair in front of me. He would casually reach for his soda while in light conversation with his mom and unintentionally flex his arms. I couldn't help but stare and feel a stir between my legs. I want him, and I want him now. I used my fussy baby as an excuse to exit the room to go feed her knowing they wouldn't follow. I cracked my door so I could still hear what's going on but still keep it quiet enough to get the baby down for a nap. I purposely waited for my husband to start playing Elden Ring with his father while they all discussed dinner before I sent the text. "I want your cock in an agressive manner". I could hear him fall silent for a few seconds before he collected him self and started talking again. 

I waited before I sent another text I wanted him to know I was serious and not joking. I was horny and almost begging for him to come in and fill my pussy up. The baby wasn't fully asleep so I texted him again. 
" I need help putting the baby down". And his response was along the lines of "but everyone is out here". But even so, I heard him turn off Elden Ring and leave without an excuse. I layed the baby down in the crib and waited for him to come in. When he opened to door he tried to say something to me about his parents just outside the door but I kissed him before he could finish. 

I started kissing him hard and fast while pulling on his shirt. I gently sucked his bottom lip in and bit it in-between kisses. He tried to pretend to protest but I pulled him back into my kisses while reaching for his cock. It was hard and dripping with pre-cum. As much as I wanted to take him between my lips and suck him dry we didn't have the time for it, his parents would come descending down upon us soon. So I hastily started pulling my pants down and then clawing for his. "I whispered "we have to be quick" and he smiled "now you know I can't do that". I pulled him around the front of our bed and bent over it while kneeling on our ottoman slightly shaking my ass for him in a taunting way. 

He walked up behind me and I felt my pussy throb I grabbed the sheets bracing myself for him to enter me. He pushed the tip in slowly and grabs my hips gently holding me in place . My pussy twitches on his cock as he moves his way deeper inside of me. I feel him start to squeeze my hips harder just before he slams into me. I let out a yelp and jolt forward because of the sudden pressure. I arch my back more to allow for easier access. He starts to rock into me pushing our bed against the wall. I begin to feel how wet I am as it drips down my legs. Our bodies start to make sounds as we push into eachother more and our headboard starts to scrap the wall. "Shh we have to be quiet or we won't get away with it" But he couldn't hear me and started thrusting harder clanking the bed even faster. 

He pulls out abruptly leaving me feeling empty "get on the bed and roll over". I don't hesitate, I climb up but before I could fully turn over he pulls me to the edge of the bed and throws my legs on his shoulders. I feel him place his hands on my ass and hips and scoots me to the edge of the bed in one fluid motion. Now I'm laying on my back waiting in agony for him to be inside of me again. He pulls my shirt up and lifts my bra over my boobs. They fall out to my sides and he scoops them up filling his hands. I try to scoot down and push down on him but he stops me as he bends to suck on my nipples. I let out a moan before I could stop myself and my body is on fire waiting for him to be inside of me again. 

He leans back and positioned himself perfectly with my slit and thrusts into me hard and fast. He squeezes my thighs as he pounds into me. I feel him hitting my cervix with every thrust and starts to use his groin to put pressure on my clit. I raise my arms above my head to allow my titts to bounce freely in small circles with every thrust. I grab the sheets above my head to help steady myself. I start to feel pressure as he pushes on my g-spot but I can tell he's close so I want him to cum. 

I close my legs tighter on his shoulders and neck as I bring him down closer to my chest coaxing him to suck on my nipples as my boobs bounce in his face. I feel him open his mouth and catch one as he teases it with his tounge. Once he's bent over the top of me I start to clench down on his cock and I feel him twitch once or twice I wrap my arms around his neck and he pumps into me a few more times before he cums. 

I push him back quickly as I pull my legs off of his shoulders without a word and try to find my clothes, he does the same and gets dressed. With a smile he silently slips out of the room and closes the door behind him to join his family on the other side of it. I hear them resume chatting about dinner plans like nothing happened as I'm left to gather my thoughts on the other side. I hastily try to clean up my juices before I too head out there to join them. I didn't want to leave to far behind him to not raise any curiosity. So I exit the room and sit in the rocking chair across from his Mom with obvious rosy cheeks and a smile. I try to compose myself and pretend to be interested in my phone but all I can focus on is the dampness between my legs and his mouth on my nipples.