										[MF] 18&amp;19 I THINK my sister is flirting with me pt3

Ok so I keep getting a lot of questions and messages about what’s happened this is real life, this isn’t fake so it’s not every single moment or every night we do something. So keep that in mind lol 

That being said there was some events that occurred LAST night/today lol 

So it was around between 10-11pm when I was alone in my room just chilling and playing some GT7… me and kindra share a bathroom upstairs that splits our rooms. We both usually leave the doors up to the bathroom to which we can basically hear each other in our bedrooms doing whatever.

Well I wear headphones when I play online with my buddies and in usually keep one ear muff off to hear if someone knocks or try’s to ask me something and whatnot. 

Well out of no where I started to hear some moans. Not very loud at all but, some moans. I think nothing of it and shrug it off for a few mins until I hear them again… this time much much louder.

It quickly hits me of that what I’m hearing my sister playing with her pussy!!

My dick damn near went stiff immediately! But it was so faint I could only really hear her when she was REALLY moaning… I wanted to start playing with my dick and maybe even cum with her but that wasn’t happening it was to quiet and only got a handful of moans from her room…

That didn’t stop me tho I had PLENTY of images in my head to keep myself going. So I take off my headset and just sit in my chair stroking my dick… that’s when I see the bathroom light turn on and I quickly jump and try and get my dick back inside my shorts and act like I’m back to playing video games hoping she doesn’t catch me jerking off to her noises lol

I know I know you all are gonna tell me I shoulda let her catch me blah blah blah but idk maybe it’s just me but I’m still nervous and having your sister catch you jerking off… idk it’s embarrassing lol

But thankfully she doesn’t even peek into my room and just pushes the door somewhat closed and turns on the shower. I let out a sigh of relief thinking That was a close call… but then I see a pink pair of panties get tossed off and I see them land from the gap in the door.

That’s them. A fresh pair of her panties that were just rubbed all over her freshly fingered pussy! I couldn’t help myself, I waited and listened for her to hop in the shower and let the shower door close…Now our shower does are glass so she would def see me reach in for her panties but I know this chick takes a shower at the temperature of satans balls lol so I know it’s gonna get foggy quick so I just give it a min and reach in for her panties just lying there….

I felt so nervous like just waiting for her to yell out “wtf are you doing!?” 

But that doesn’t happen and I succeed!!! 
And man was I right!! Her panties were SOAKED with her cum and actually made them somewhat heavy.. she had def played with her pussy without taking them off. My dick was rock hard still and I couldn’t help myself I pulled my shorts down and wrapped her wet panties right around my cock and gently coated my dick with her panties and juices, gently stroking my cock with her panties in between. It felt so dirty and wrong but also so fucking nice. I wanted to fill her panties full of cum and lay them back in there for her to find them and wonder what happened so bad…

That’s when I was so caught up with what I was doing I hadn’t noticed that there was someone standing in the bathroom door way!  Obviously you know who it is and there kindra stood. Watching me wrap her pink panties around my cock playing with them. Now idk how long she was there but it didn’t matter, I was CAUGHT. I was so embarrassed I quickly jumped and tried to hide my dick in my shorts but the panties still on my dick made it difficult to say the least….

I just start apologizing non stop and stuttering for words when she asks me if those are her underwear in my pants… 

There’s no point in lying now so I just mutter out “uh yeah… again I’m so sorry”

She says “I got out of the shower to grab a new razor and I noticed my panties weren’t on the floor anymore…”

Laughingly she asks “We’re you jacking off with my underwear?”

I don’t even know what to say so I jsut stay quiet and that’s when she starts to walk over to me, she’s butt ass naked but the light is behind her so I can’t see much really and I was so star struck I damn near jsut blacked out from embarrassment… 

But she kneels down in front of my chair and looks at the bulge in my shorts and giggles a little and says “let me see em”

I’m not even thinking at this point and she coulda told me to do anything and I would have.. so I just pull the front of my shorts down again and out springs my still rock hard cock with her panties tightly woven around my cock. I felt so ashamed but yet still so turned on. 

She jsut says “well don’t let me stop you” with the cutest little grin on her face..

So without hesitation I jsut slowly start stroking my cock with her panties and not looking away from her, I see watch as her eyes look me up and down going from watching my cock to looking me in my eyes. 

I keep stroking but now I’m going at my normal pace and I can feel myself getting close… she hasn’t touched me at all yet but god was I hoping that she’d take the place of my hand, but she doesn’t, and I can’t hold my self off any longer and I clench my legs to where my knees are now pressed against her shoulders/arms squeezing her and holding her in place when I bust a huge load, with every grunt and spurt of cum I’m squeezing and releasing her with me legs and I try and stop but it felt so GOOD. I had her panties completely fucking covered with cum! Between her juices and my cum there wasn’t a dry spot left on those pink panties… it smelled of cum so much in my room… I just slowly lessened my strokes to eventually just holding my cock with this huge mess I’d made again… she didn’t say a word, just kept her curious eyes examining my cock. 

She reaches up and grabs the lace part of her panties and pulls them up and letting them unravel around my cock and says “guess I’ll take these back” again laughingly as she jsut stands up and goes back into the shower.

I still hadn’t moved, I was feeling so good from what just happened and having my balls completely emptied into her panties that she now took back. I didn’t do shit and just crawled off to my bed and passed out…

It’s now 2:08pm when I get a text from her. I’m well there weren’t any words but she did send me this [PICTURE](https://imgur.com/a/DqyANfP) ITS THE SAME DAMN PAIR OF PANTIES!!!  She’s fucking wearing them!! Now before you ask, it’s damn near been a full day so idk if they are still dirty from last night or if she’d washed them and was just wearing them again to send me a pic but either way, I’m SO horny right now and GOD do I want to fuck her so BAD!